#summary Documentation for using the library.
#labels Featured

= Introduction =
dedisp provides a simple C interface to computing dedispersion transforms using a GPU. The interface is modelled on that of the well-known [http://www.fftw.org/ FFTW] library, and uses an object-oriented approach. The user first creates a dedispersion _plan_, and then calls functions to modify or execute that plan. A full list and description of the functions provided by the library can be viewed in the API documentation below.

= Dependencies =

The library requires NVIDIA's [http://www.nvidia.com/object/cuda_home_new.html CUDA] in order to access the GPU. This also imposes the constraint that the target hardware must be an NVIDIA GPU. To compile the library you must have the NVIDIA CUDA C compiler _nvcc_ in your path.

= Installation =

 # Modify the entries in Makefile.inc to suit your system.
 # Run make.
If all goes well, the library will be built in the lib/ subdir and the header in include/ subdir. If something goes wrong, please let me know either via email or the project website.

= Debugging =

The following make flag can be used to build the library in a
debug mode, which will print the location and description of errors as
they happen:

`$ make DEDISP_DEBUG=1`

= API Documentation =

View the API documentation online [http://dedisp.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/html/dedisp_8h.html here].

= C++ Interface =

A simple C++ wrapper for the library is also provided; see [http://code.google.com/p/dedisp/source/browse/trunk/src/DedispPlan.hpp DedispPlan.hpp].